well the next event on the track is the
senior boys 400-meter hurdles there is
the line up the lanes to watch really 4
5 & 7 Ashley fry the silver medalist in
the recent southern counties
championships he's in length for Ben
Hopkins the junior 80 metres hurdles
champion three years ago at these
championships
on the inside wearing 35 in the colors
of hair referred that's Ashley he'll
he's got a lifetime best of 54.6 to
which he set in his he'd at least
Jennifer chips inlay to Simon Davis at
Dorset the yeovil athlete wearing their
23 the Dorset school silver medalist in
fact and he's run a lifetime best of
56.4 three bertie luis abarca is in lane
three they're wearing the blue vest with
the white sash of Berkshire he finished
fourth in the interest 100-meter hurdles
two years ago when these championships
were staged up at Gateshead Ashley fry
one of the principles tall perfectly
built for the event there he is third in
the recent England Championships which
stood or were in the senior age groups
the world junior championships trials
are Ashley fry with the best of 50 3.18
one of the favorites here Ben Hopkins of
Kent there in Lane five it's his first
year in the age group making the
transition from the two foot nine
barriers to the three foot which is
always a challenge during the winter for
young hurdlers but Ben Hopkins has made
that leap very confidently indeed he won
the inter age group race at these
championships 12 months ago leo rice of
the Channel Islands
wearing 89 1 the Hampshire under-20s
title this year in late 6 he's got a
best-of 55.3 nine and he's somehow for
12 months ago in this final so he'll be
looking to take at least one step up
here city of Plymouth that badly he's
run the best time of 50 3.49 so anything
inside 54 seconds over the three-foot
barriers as worthy of note on the
outside George Granger at Sussex the
kitchen star athlete 55.8 0 is his
lifetime best performance and he
finished seventh in the inter final last
year of a Sheffield the Cham ship record
max Robertson of Somerset 51.5 on this
track 28 years ago and I can remember in
that final he beat two men who two years
later went to the Olympic Games which
gives you some idea of the quality of
that field the likes and ashley 4i been
hopkins matthew some nut have their eyes
not only fixed on perhaps the big prize
but also that championship record let's
see who rises versed at the first flight
a little bit of a stutter there from
ashley fry of berkshire now
opening well into his dry the tallest
man in this field and it's fri going
well with Bertie Lewis on his inside
also having a decent run there and the
colors of Devon is Matthew Sumner
we're going to the pit hurdle and there
you can see him
bang Hopkins having a decent run
it's gonna get hard work here as they
come to the seventh hurdle and there you
can see in laying for Ashley fry the
silver medalist of the recent sudden
under-20s chairmanships his techniques
looking good and he's going here to the
ninth Earl also having a decent run
there is Matthew Sumner the bronze
medalist from two years ago but it's
going to be Ashley fri at barcha who's
going to take this matthew summers
coming through the second place
and they're in third they look like
Simon Davis there is Simon Davis just
congratulating the new champion also a
decent run from Ashley Hill was
finishing very fast indeed as well so
Ashley fry a tall man they're wearing 54
botch up the silver medalist and the Sun
under-20 champion the recent England
chairmanships in Bedford well he's
finished off today winning the English
schools tonight all just being
congratulated there by Mark Richardson
and mighty must have must have been
impressed by that performance very good
performance there by Ashley fry 5329 his
winning time there but just to put in
perspective in the first race Jacob Paul
his winning time at a lower age of 53
seconds second place went to Matthew
Sumner and that was a bit of a shock
because we were anticipating Ashley Hill
featuring as second so that's a good
result for him and in third place was
Ashley Hill 54.1 8 so a good result
there for those three athletes
well the next final will be looking at
is the inter girls 800 meters that comes
up next
you